[Chore] Fix typos, and organize functions for style (#1087)
BoundaryML/baml: engine/baml-schema-wasm/nodejs/README.md

    - It is triggered from the https://github.com/prisma/engines-wrapper publish action.
- The [Rust source code](https://github.com/prisma/prisma-engines/tree/main/prisma-schema-wasm/src) for the wasm module
- The [nix build definition](https://github.com/prisma/prisma-engines/blob/main/prisma-schema-wasm/default.nix)

>     - It gives us a fully reproducible, thoroughly described build process and environment. The alternative would be a bash script with installs through `rustup`, `cargo install` and `apt`, with under specified system dependencies and best-effort version pinning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - It gives us a fully reproducible, thoroughly described build process and environment. The alternative would be a bash script with installs through `rustup`, `cargo install` and `apt`, with underspecified system dependencies and best-effort version pinning.
```
